Missing link to final step in docs to make cluster self managed (#4633)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/create-cluster/index.md

Confirm that your [Calico installation is correct][calico-install].

> **Note** When you complete this procedure, move on to [Make Cluster Self-managed](https://docs.d2iq.com/dkp/2.3/pre-provisioned-make-cluster-self-managed) to continue the process.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** When you complete this procedure, move on to [Make Cluster Self-managed](https://archive-docs.d2iq.com/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/self-managed/) to continue the process.
```

> **Note:** When you complete this procedure, move on to [Make Cluster Self-managed](https://archive-docs.d2iq.com/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/self-managed/) to continue the process.

Reviewer: I don't know if we want the colored background and note format not, but just in case we do: 
```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>When you complete this procedure, move on to <a href="https://archive-docs.d2iq.com/dkp/konvoy/2.2/choose-infrastructure/pre-provisioned/self-managed/">Make Cluster Self-managed</a> to continue the process.</p>
```
